United Remote enables great software and data engineers in Morocco to join distributed engineering teams from top tech companies in Paris, San Francisco, New York and Los Angeles.

To make this possible, we build a lot of internal tools and platforms to streamline processes, automate manual work and increase our efficiency across Sales, Marketing and Talent Acquisition.

One of the platforms we built from scratch for this purpose is UR Eval, our technical quiz platform. The reason we built it is because we believe judging developers exclusively based on CVs is the wrong approach.

We believe that what makes top developers great is their software engineering skills, not some piece of paper. So the right way to assess them is definitely to focus on their skills not their CV.

That's why our quiz-based approach gives better accuracy while still keeping the candidate experience short and enjoyable.

Other platforms we're currently running and maintaining is UR Booking, which helps facilitate booking calls rooms and meeting around the office.

As an intern on the product engineering team you'll be involved across the whole software development cycle to design, build and deploy new features, UX improvements and critical bug fixes.

Technologies We're Using

    Backend: Javascript, Python, Django
    Frontend: Javascript, Typescript, React, Vuejs
    Mobile: Swift, Kotlin, Java, Xcode, Android Studio
    DevOps: DigitalOcean, Docker, CircleCI, Sentry
    Collaboration: Slack, Notion, Google Apps


Requirements

    Familiarity with at least one programming language such as Javascript, Python, Swift or Ruby (...etc) .
    You believe in writing clean code and leveraging the latest software engineering best practices (or at least adopting them)
    Fast learning - You're a fast learner, can contribute from day one as well as integrate and apply new concepts quickly.
    Ownership - You take pride in what you create and passionate about getting the details right, even when no one's looking.
    Clear thinking - You are able to weigh tradeoffs, articulate complex ideas, and have precision about what you know and don't know.
    Passion for technology - you enjoy staying on top of tech trends and hacking new things.
    Proficiency in written and spoken French OR English.

Is English fluency required ?

Short answer, no.

Internally, we use a mix of French, English and even Moroccan Arabic. We adapt depending on the medium of the communication and also with whom we're communicating. So no worries if you're not fluent in English. 😉

General Information

    All graduation internships at United Remote are pre-employment & paid internships (with rare exceptions and we'll notify you). Also the exact remuneration depends on your skills level when you apply.
    All internships are onsite at our office in Rabat, Morocco.